docs: revised the web embeds feature page (#26008)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/web-embeds.md

> # Web embeds in Electron

Reviewer: Do we want to keep `In Electron` here? All our are features are technically "in Electron". 😅

## Overview

> If you want to embed (third party) web content in an Electron `BrowserWindow`,
> there are three options available to you: `<iframe>` tags, `<webview>` tags,
> and `BrowserViews`. Each one offers slightly different functionality and is
> useful in different situations. To help you choose between these, this guide
> explains the differences and capabilities of each option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to embed (third-party) web content in an Electron `BrowserWindow`,
there are three options available to you: `<iframe>` tags, `<webview>` tags,
and `BrowserViews`. Each one offers slightly different functionality and is
useful in different situations. To help you choose between these, this guide
explains the differences and capabilities of each option.
```

allows it. To limit the number of capabilities of a site in an `<iframe>` tag,
it is recommended to use the [`sandbox` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe#attr-sandbox)
and only allow the capabilities you want to support.

### WebViews

[WebViews](../api/webview-tag.md) are based on Chromium's WebViews and are not
explicitly supported by Electron. We do not guarantee that the WebView API will
remain available in future versions of Electron. To use `<webview>` tags, you
will need to set `webviewTag` to `true` in the `webPreferences` of your
`BrowserWindow`.

WebView is a custom element (`<webview>`) that will only work inside Electron.
They are implemented as an "out-of-process iframe". This means that all
communication with the `<webview>` is done asynchronously using IPC. The
`<webview>` element has many custom methods and events, similar to
`webContents`, that provide you with greater control over the content.

Compared to an `<iframe>`, `<webview>` tends to be slightly slower but offers
much greater control in loading and communicating with the third-party content
and handling various events.

> ## BrowserViews

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### BrowserViews
```

[BrowserViews](../api/browser-view.md) are not a part of the DOM - instead,
they are created in and controlled by your Main process. They are simply
another layer of web content on top of your existing window. This means
that they are completely separate from your own `BrowserWindow` content and
their position is not controlled by the DOM or CSS. Instead, it is controlled
by setting the bounds in the Main process.

`BrowserViews` offer the greatest control over their contents, since they
implement the `webContents` similarly to how the `BrowserWindow` does it.

> However, as `BrowserViews` are not a part of your DOM, but are overlaid on top
> of them, which means that you will have to manage their position manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, as `BrowserViews` are not a part of your DOM, but are rather overlaid on top
of them, you will have to manage their position manually.
```

# Web embeds

## Overview

If you want to embed (third-party) web content in an Electron `BrowserWindow`,
there are three options available to you: `<iframe>` tags, `<webview>` tags,
and `BrowserViews`. Each one offers slightly different functionality and is
useful in different situations. To help you choose between these, this guide
explains the differences and capabilities of each option.

### Iframes

Iframes in Electron behave like iframes in regular browsers. An `<iframe>`
element in your page can show external web pages, provided that their
[Content Security Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP)
allows it. To limit the number of capabilities of a site in an `<iframe>` tag,
it is recommended to use the [`sandbox` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe#attr-sandbox)
and only allow the capabilities you want to support.

### WebViews

> > Important Note:
> [we do not recommend you to use use WebViews](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/api/webview-tag#warning)
> as this tag undergoes dramatic architectural changes that may affect stability
> of your application. Consider switching to alternatives, like `iframe` and
> Electron's `BrowserView` or an architecture that avoids embedded content
> by design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Important Note:
[we do not recommend you to use use WebViews](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/api/webview-tag#warning),
as this tag undergoes dramatic architectural changes that may affect stability
of your application. Consider switching to alternatives, like `iframe` and
Electron's `BrowserView`, or an architecture that avoids embedded content
by design.
```

A few extra commas and we're good, I think.

much greater control in loading and communicating with the third-party content
and handling various events.

> > Important Note:

Reviewer: The note might fit better here right above the `webview` section
